Overview (#1745)
EuroPython/website: src/content/programme/tutorials/header.md

---
title: "TUTORIALS"
subtitle:
  "Full-day, hands-on workshops led by domain experts. Go deeper than any talk
  can — bring your laptop and leave with real skills."
meta:
  - text: "Monday & Tuesday, July 13–14"
  - text: "Small-group format"
cta:
  text: "Browse all tutorials"
  url: "/tutorials"
advantages:
  - title: "3-hour or 6-hour sessions"
    description:

>       "Tutorials run for half a day or a full day. Each one is a self-contained

Reviewer: There's only half-day sessions (most 3h, one 2.5h)

```suggestion
  - title: "3-hour sessions"
    description:
      "Tutorials run for half a day. Each one is a self-contained
```
